- [Instructor] I've provided exercise files
for you to work along with me.
The files are available to you as a download
with this course or they're located in GitHub.
If you download the files from the course page
save them to a directory that works for you.
Here, I've placed them on my desktop
then you'll be able to import them into your IDE.
I'll show you how to import them into IntelliJ in a bit.
Before I show you how to import you also have several ways
of downloading from GitHub.
You can use IntelliJ's checkout from version control option
or you can download the files from the command line
using Git if you're comfortable with that
or you can download them in a browser by clicking the clone
and then download ZIP button.
Next, let's look at the course files we've downloaded.
Inside you'll find that the exercise files
are subdivided by chapter and inside that by video number.
Each video has a begin and an end.
Next, let's import the project file into IntelliJ.
On the IntelliJ dashboard screen, click the import project.
This will open a new dialogue where we will choose
the location we have downloaded the files.
On a side note, when drilling down to the folders
be careful not to double click on the directory
until let the project folder level
because IntelliJ will think that this is the project
home directory and attempt to open.
From there we'll drill down to
Chapter One 01 03 begin
and then click open.
The next screen to appear will display three project types,
Eclipse, Gradle and Maven.
All of the project files use Gradle
so we'll be selecting Gradle and then next.
On the following screen
we want to ensure that use auto-import is checked.
The first radio button for group modules is selected.
Next, we need to ensure that create modules
per source set is checked
and that use default gradle wrapper is selected.
The final piece is that JDK1.8 is selected.
You might want to use other versions
but the current version of gradle we're using 4.6
seems the only work with JDK1.8.
The last thing to do to import the project is click finish.
After clicking finish, the IDE will load a project
and you'll see at the bottom of the screen a build sync tab
with hopefully several green OK circles
that demonstrate that the gradle dependencies
have all been downloaded and resolved.
Now you're ready to begin working
in Spring messaging with JMS.